fix(lessons/14): remove redundant if check in partial (#18)
uncenter/learn-eleventy: 14.md

		{% endfor %}
	</ol>
</div>
```

> In `about.html` we check to see if the `peopleItems` variable is set. If it is, we use it here to loop through it, creating a list of `<figure>`s for each person. Job done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `about.html` layout created earlier we check to see if the `peopleItems` variable is set. If it is, we loop through it in this partial, creating a list of `<figure>`s for each person. Job done!
```

(I like that you took out the first sentence of this paragraph, I didn't like that wording either.)
